delete-children /dev
delete-children /proc
delete-children /sys
delete-children /run
delete-children /tmp
delete-recursive /mnt
delete-recursive /boot
delete-recursive /media
delete-recursive /selinux
delete-recursive /usr/local
delete-recursive /usr/include
delete-recursive /usr/share/doc
delete-recursive /usr/share/man
delete-recursive /usr/share/info
delete-recursive /usr/src
delete-recursive /usr/tmp
delete-recursive /var
delete-recursive /srv
delete-recursive /home
delete-recursive /root
delete-empty-folders /bin
delete-empty-folders /sbin
delete-empty-folders /lib
delete-empty-folders /etc
delete-empty-folders /usr
chmod-0000 /dev
chmod-0000 /proc
chmod-0000 /sys
chmod-0000 /tmp
chmod-0000 /run
